AWS's CTO has been quoted as saying everything fails all the time.
Well, his quote applies as well to content delivery.
In content delivery, issues might occur in different places,
for example, on your origin when it returns an HTTP 500 error,
on CloudFront when it can't connect to your origin or Lambda@Edge
when your code throws an unhandled exception.
The best way to prevent failures is to plan carefully and design a resilient
architecture that works with your specific requirements.
However, when content delivery fails despite your efforts,
you need to identify the issue quickly and take action to resolve it.
In this module,
I provide three steps that guide you in debugging
CloudFront content delivery issues.
The goal is to make sure that your application or web content continues
to be delivered to your users with minimal disruption.
Step one, enable CloudFront logging.
Step two, configure monitoring and alerting.
In step three, we'll troubleshoot a delivery issue on CloudFront.
By the end of this module,
you should know how to quickly troubleshoot issues using the AWS
tools and services which are available to you. Alright, let's get logging up and running.